plugins/module_utils/dnac.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/module_utils/dnac.py import-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/modules/pnp_intent.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/modules/template_intent.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/modules/site_intent.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/modules/swim_intent.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/modules/pnp_intent.py import-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/modules/template_intent.py import-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/modules/site_intent.py import-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/modules/swim_intent.py import-2.7!skip # Python 2.7 is not supported by the DNA Center SDK
plugins/plugin_utils/dnac.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/application_sets.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/application_sets_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/application_sets_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/applications.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/applications_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/applications_health_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/applications_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/authentication_import_certificate.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/authentication_import_certificate_p12.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/cli_credential.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/client_detail_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/client_enrichment_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/client_health_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/client_proximity_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/command_runner_run_command.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/compliance_check_run.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/compliance_device_details_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/compliance_device_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/compliance_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/compliance_device_status_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_clone.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_deploy.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_deploy_status_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_deploy_v2.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_export_project.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_export_template.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_import_project.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_import_template.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_project.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_project_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_version_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/configuration_template_version_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_configurations_export.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_credential_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_credential_delete.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_credential_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_credential_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_enrichment_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_health_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_interface_by_ip_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_interface_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_interface_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_interface_isis_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_interface_ospf_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_replacement.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_replacement_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_replacement_deploy.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_replacement_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery_device_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery_device_range_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery_job_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery_range_delete.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery_range_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/discovery_summary_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/dna_command_runner_keywords_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_api_status_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_artifact_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_artifact_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_series_audit_logs_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_series_audit_logs_parent_records_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_series_audit_logs_summary_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_series_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_series_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_details_email_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_details_rest_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_details_syslog_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_email.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_email_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_rest.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_rest_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_syslog.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_subscription_syslog_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/file_namespace_files_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/file_namespaces_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/global_credential_delete.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/global_credential_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/global_credential_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/global_pool.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/global_pool_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/http_read_credential.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/http_write_credential.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/interface_network_device_detail_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/interface_network_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/interface_network_device_range_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/issues_enrichment_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/issues_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/itsm_cmdb_sync_status_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/itsm_integration_events_failed_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/itsm_integration_events_retry.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_device_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_device_deregistration.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_device_license_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_device_license_summary_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_device_registration.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_smart_account_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_term_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_usage_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_virtual_account_change.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/license_virtual_account_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/netconf_credential.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_by_ip_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_by_serial_number_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_chassis_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_config_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_config_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_equipment_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_export.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_functional_capability_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_global_polling_interval_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_interface_poe_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_inventory_insight_link_mismatch_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_lexicographically_sorted_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_linecard_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_meraki_organization_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_module_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_module_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_poe_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_polling_interval_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_range_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_register_for_wsa_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_stack_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_summary_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_supervisor_card_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_sync.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_update_role.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_vlan_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_wireless_lan_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_with_snmp_v3_des_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/nfv_profile.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/nfv_profile_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/nfv_provision.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/nfv_provision_detail_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/nfv_provision_details.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/path_trace.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/path_trace_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/platform_nodes_configuration_summary_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/platform_release_summary_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_claim.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_claim_to_site.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_config_preview.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_history_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_import.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_reset.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_unclaim.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_global_settings.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_global_settings_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_server_profile_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_smart_account_domains_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_virtual_account_add.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_virtual_account_deregister.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_virtual_account_devices_sync.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_virtual_account_sync_result_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_virtual_accounts_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_workflow.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_workflow_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_workflow_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reports.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reports_executions_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reports_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reports_view_group_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reports_view_group_view_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reserve_ip_subpool.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reserve_ip_subpool_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_device_role_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_authentication_profile.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_authentication_profile_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_border_device.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_border_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_control_plane_device.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_control_plane_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_edge_device.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_edge_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_site.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_fabric_site_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_multicast.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_multicast_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_port_assignment_for_access_point.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_port_assignment_for_access_point_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_port_assignment_for_user_device.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_port_assignment_for_user_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_provision_device.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_provision_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_virtual_network.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_virtual_network_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_virtual_network_ip_pool.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_virtual_network_ip_pool_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_virtual_network_v2.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sda_virtual_network_v2_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/security_advisories_devices_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/security_advisories_ids_per_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/security_advisories_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/security_advisories_per_device_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/security_advisories_summary_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sensor.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sensor_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sensor_test_run.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sensor_test_template_duplicate.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/sensor_test_template_edit.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/service_provider_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/service_provider_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/service_provider_profile_delete.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/service_provider_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_assign_credential.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_assign_device.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_delete.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_design_floormap.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_design_floormap_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_health_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_membership_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/site_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/snmp_properties.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/snmp_properties_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/snmpv2_read_community_credential.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/snmpv2_write_community_credential.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/snmpv3_credential.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/swim_image_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/swim_import_local.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/swim_import_via_url.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/swim_trigger_activation.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/swim_trigger_distribution.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/system_health_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/system_health_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/system_performance_historical_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/system_performance_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/tag.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/tag_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/tag_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/tag_member.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/tag_member_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/tag_member_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/tag_member_type_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/tag_membership.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/task_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/task_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/task_operation_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/task_tree_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/template_preview.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/threat_detail.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/threat_detail_count.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/threat_summary.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/topology_layer_2_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/topology_layer_3_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/topology_network_health_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/topology_physical_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/topology_site_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/topology_vlan_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/user_enrichment_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_dynamic_interface.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_dynamic_interface_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_enterprise_ssid.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_enterprise_ssid_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_profile.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_profile_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_provision_access_point.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_provision_device_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_provision_device_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_provision_ssid_create_provision.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_provision_ssid_delete_reprovision.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_psk_override.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_rf_profile.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_rf_profile_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/wireless_sensor_test_results_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/compliance_device_by_id_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/file_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/app_policy_default_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/app_policy_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/app_policy_intent_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/app_policy_queuing_profile.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/app_policy_queuing_profile_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/app_policy_queuing_profile_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/associate_site_to_network_profile.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/business_sda_hostonboarding_ssid_ippool.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/business_sda_hostonboarding_ssid_ippool_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/business_sda_wireless_controller_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/business_sda_wireless_controller_delete.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/device_family_identifiers_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/disassociate_site_to_network_profile.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/disasterrecovery_system_operationstatus_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/disasterrecovery_system_status_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/dnacaap_management_execution_status_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/endpoint_analytics_profiling_rules.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/endpoint_analytics_profiling_rules_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/golden_image_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/golden_tag_image_delete.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/golden_tag_image_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/profiling_rules_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/profiling_rules_in_bulk_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/projects_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/qos_device_interface_info_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/qos_device_interface_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/qos_device_interface.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reserve_ip_subpool_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reserve_ip_subpool_delete.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/reserve_ip_subpool_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/templates_details_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/assign_device_to_site.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/buildings_planned_access_points_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/business_sda_virtual_network_summary_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_config_connector_types_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_email_config_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_email_config_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_webhook_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/event_webhook_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/file_import.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/interface_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/interface_operation_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/interface_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/lan_automation_count_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/lan_automation_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/lan_automation_delete.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/lan_automation_log_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/lan_automation_status_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_custom_prompt.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_custom_prompt_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/network_device_interface_neighbor_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/planned_access_points_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/pnp_device_authorize.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/syslog_config_create.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/syslog_config_update.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/transit_peer_network.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/action/transit_peer_network_info.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/modules/pnp_intent.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/modules/template_intent.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/modules/site_intent.py pylint:unused-import
plugins/modules/swim_intent.py pylint:unused-import